alright guys here is part 7 I do believe
mmm grab my shotgun and so honestly who
is excited for Duke Nukem Forever um I
think it's what's coming up May 3rd I
think I'm really excited and playing
this game has just got to be going
I haven't played this game in a really
long time I know I've mentioned that a
few times I was like you can like snipe
the shotgun
no matter how far away they are the
shock it was perfect
but yeah I hate those things I really am
I hope it doesn't suck I know there's a
big I don't there's a big chance that it
could suck I mean a game taking 12 years
13 years to make I'm trying not to set
my expectations really high but I'm
really glad I played this game again
before Duke comes out because it is a
classic and it's got that nostalgic
value but it is not perfect in any means
and here's like an eye it's like a
freaking nightclub on this spaceship but
yeah this game isn't perfect by any
means and I'm glad I played it again
because you know when you look back at
old-school games like this you you just
want to remember the good times and this
game is great it's not perfect and I
don't think Duke Nukem Forever is gonna
be perfect I sure hope it's great what
crap are sick
yeah I wonder I'm wondering about
multiplayer did any of you all play this
game back in its heyday I've never
really played multiplayer I've looked
for games on xbox live but it doesn't
seem like anybody's ever playing when
I'm live okay yeah I just
I've never played multiplayer and I'm
anxious to see the direction they take
it with Duke because this could add a
lot of I don't know it could add a lot
of replay value too even though I hope
it's like this game I mean I've been
playing this game didn't mean to kill
that girl I try not to kill the girls
because they're just wrapped up in
plants I mean I think Duke could still
save them they're really hot girls
wrapped up and play it so you would say
let's take these bass huggers out from
aliens does anybody know who came up
with that first
I mean aliens came out before this movie
so I'm pretty sure a 3d realms straight
ripped off those eggs and green slimes
from the fades facehuggers from aliens
which is a phenomenal movie if you have
not seen it I demand you to go watch
aliens right now if you haven't seen it
it's it's really really good so anyways
just got the L key card when to open
this door take out the spirit come on I
think as I hope it's one of the enemies
I guess your college or it that doesn't
make it to do forever
hey those turrets oh no they're so
random
all right let's down here dig that out
floating vaginas that out you guys
take them out whoa something freaky
freaky just happened all right so let's
go get some Devastator ammo I do
remember this part remember there's damn
Oh done yeah aha
ammo down here it's really bad glitter
on my TV so well you come from your
waited in here for me alright so moving
on up
those dudes out do a little mountain
climbing with the Duke again look at my
shotgun it's like this no matter how far
you shoot the spread stays the same
whoa die love my leg extensions let's
grab the jet pack
I do hate with a passion which I have
said multiple times and I'm sorry
so yeah look she is fine okay I mean
she's hot I love how the aliens decided
to keep her panties on I mean that's
really nice but look she just has some
plans maybe one going in her arm and one
going in her leg I can't self those are
going inside her she can be saved she
can be saved
so I'm gonna hop my jetpack on and fly
on over here my killing her she deserves
better just switch over here Baskar we
will be back to save you I promise
you're way too hot not to totally
kidding later time and we finished part
seven incubator Wow 3d realms kicked my
butt
and on we go